Style Guide and Diataxis Review - Chrysalis III (#117)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/guides/token_migration.md

Below is an overview of how the migration is taking place for normal token holders:

1. You enter your seed in Firefly.
2. Firefly creates a new seed for you and generates an EdDSA address for the new network.
3. Firefly sends your funds to a specific migration address (which encapsulates your EdDSA address) on the old network.
4. Your funds become available on the new network on the EdDSA address Firefly created for you.
5. Your funds are successfully migrated.

:::note

If you migrate after the Chrysalis launch, your funds will become available shortly after you migrate (within less than 5 minutes).

:::

:::note

> Firefly will initially only be available on desktop operating systems such as: macOS, Linux, and Windows and not support migrations for Ledger devices or using a Ledger device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firefly will initially only be available on desktop operating systems such as macOS, Linux, or Windows and will not support migrations for Ledger devices or using a Ledger device.
```

Author: 👍

};
```

> After the migration only the 24 word mnemonic or the stronghold file gives you access to the funds, so make sure to back them up properly. it is not possible to get access to the funds with the old seed after the migration transaction. Please read our recommendations for [Backup and security](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/backup_security).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the migration, only the 24-word mnemonic or the stronghold file gives you access to the funds, so make sure to back them up safely. It is impossible to access the funds with the old seed after the migration transaction. Please read our recommendations for [Backup and security](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/backup_security).
```
